docs: added SSO integration note for Jira and Confluence (#215)
defenseunicorns/uds-bundle-software-factory-nutanix: docs/sso-integration.md

# SSO Integration

> Most applications deployed with UDS are automatically integrated with Keycloak. However, two applications do not support install-time 
> SSO configuration and so must be configured manually. Those are the Atlassian apps, Jira and Confluence. Please reference the 
> Atlassian documentation for guidance in configuring SSO. Their clients exist in keycloak, the SAML details just need added to the apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most applications deployed with UDS are automatically integrated with Keycloak. However, two applications do not support install-time SSO configuration and so must be configured manually. Those are the Atlassian apps, Jira and Confluence. Please reference the Atlassian documentation for guidance in configuring SSO. Their clients are created in Keycloak, the connection settings just need configured in the apps.
```
Typically we leave paragraphs on one line and let the markdown renderer handle formatting line width so updated this to match our other docs.

Also replaced SAML with "connection settings" since Ihink atlassian tools support both SAML and OIDC and wasn't sure which type of clients we are creating.

Author: I don't like putting it all on one line because it makes the diffs opaque and single line breaks are ignored by markdown renderers anyway. If this is how we're generally doing it though Ok.

I just confirmed it was SAML in Keycloak.

Author: ![Screenshot 2024-10-16 at 3 36 31 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0a14dfd-eceb-4ac2-bdc6-02ddae8c6d3a)
![Screenshot 2024-10-16 at 3 37 10 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2293f725-7b6b-4918-a957-c581360c5850)
